multi region  changes for cloud9 integration (#205)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: content/basics/operations/multi-region-latest-ami/index.md

Reviewer: Indentation issues in line 29 to 34 https://github.com/aws-samples/cfn101-workshop/pull/205/files#diff-04d62957d44df521b5009af7b61d0bc2d0ac49bca3a68fe7f758bed0be6d5e15R29-R34

Reviewer: Please add the cleanup instructions as well

1. Open the `multi-region-latest-ami.yaml` file.
1. Update the `AmiID` parameter to:

```yaml

> AmiID:
>    Type: AWS::SSM::Parameter::Value<AWS::EC2::Image::Id>
>    Description: The ID of the AMI.
>    Default: '/aws/service/ami-amazon-linux-latest/amzn2-ami-hvm-x86_64-gp2'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AmiID:
  Type: AWS::SSM::Parameter::Value<AWS::EC2::Image::Id>
  Description: The ID of the AMI.
  Default: '/aws/service/ami-amazon-linux-latest/amzn2-ami-hvm-x86_64-gp2'
```

   ```

Go to the AWS console and create the stack with a new template.

:::::tabs{variant="container"}
::::tab{id="cloud9" label="Cloud9"}
1. In the **Cloud9 terminal** navigate to `code/workspace`:
:::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
cd cfn101-workshop/code/workspace
:::
1. Use the AWS CLI to create the stack. The required parameter `--template-body` have been pre-filled for you.
:::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name cfn-workshop-multi-region-latest-ami --template-body file://multi-region-latest-ami.yaml
:::
1. If the `create-stack` command was successfully sent, CloudFormation will return `StackId`.
:::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=false}
"StackId": "arn:aws:cloudformation:us-east-1:123456789012:stack/cfn-workshop-multi-region-latest-ami/739fafa0-e4d7-11ed-a000-12d9009553ff"
:::
 1. Open the **[AWS CloudFormation](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation)** console in a new tab and check if the stack status is **CREATE_COMPLETE**.
::::

::::tab{id="local" label="Local development"}

> 1. Choose **Create stack** from the top-right side of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Create stack (With new resources (Standard)** from the top-right side of the page.
```

1. In **Prepare template**, choose **Replace current template**.
1. In **Template source**, choose **Upload a template file**.
1. Click on **Choose file** button and navigate to your workshop directory.
1. Select the file `multi-region-latest-ami.yaml` and click **Next**.
1. Provide a **Stack name**. For example `cfn-workshop-multi-region-latest-ami`.
1. For **Amazon Machine Image ID** copy and paste in `/aws/service/ami-amazon-linux-latest/amzn2-ami-hvm-x86_64-gp2`

> 1. For **EnvironmentType** select the different environment than is listed. For example if you have **Dev** selected, choose **Test** and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **EnvironmentType** select the environment from drop down list, for example **Test** and click **Next**..
```

1. You can leave **Configure stack options** default, click **Next**.
1. On the **Review <stack_name>** page, scroll down to the bottom and click on **Create stack**.
1. You can click the **refresh** button a few times until you see in the status **CREATE_COMPLETE**.
::::
:::::

> ::expand[![update-2](/static/basics/operations/multi-region-latest-ami/update-2.gif)]{header="How do I update a Stack?"}

Reviewer: This gif shows how to update a stack, which is not the case as in the instruction. Maybe this could be removed.
